Prompts
=======
Create the .env file needed for the server

Update the dashboard to have the 'My Teams' collaspable but expanded to start.

Change the title of the site to 'FRC Teams' and find a free to use robot icon to use as the icon beside the title.

Change the favicon that is used in the browwser tab to be the same robot used in the title.

If the user is a site admin (user state is admin), then add a collaspable table after 'My Teams' that lists all users in the site and provides the ability to click a user to get to a profile update page.  The profile update page already exists, but if it is being invoked by the admin, please add the ability to change the user to state active, admin, or disabled.

There is an all users section but no users are displayed.  I know there are users in the database.

The message was 'Error loading users:', and 'Unexpected token '<', "<!doctype "... is not valid JSON'.

In the user profile, make the Email Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Addresses sections collaspable.

I don;t like the collapsable sections in the user profile.  Make them look and act like the collapsable sections in the main dashboard.

When changing users from adminstrator to active, do not allow the last adminstrator account to be changed to active.  There should always be at least one adminstrative.

In the Team dashboard add a button in the top most card that is 'Edit Roles'.  Provide a user interface that popup up over the Team dashboard, that allows the user to add or remove roles for the team.  The 'admin' role should not be removable.  The roles editor and roles encoding in the database should allow some roles to be mutually exclusive and even some roles to be mutually exclusive as a group.  For instance, a 'Student' cannot be either a 'Mentor' nor a 'Parent'.  The UI should provide the ability to specify these exclusions.

The existing roles from the roles column in the team database are not listed in the roles editor as the current state.

If the user has the admin role for a given team, the list of team members should include the ability to add or remove roles from that member for that team.  The team member may have multiple roles so that UI needs to accomodate multiple roles per team members.

There are errors in the build

In the roles editor for a team, remove the Mutually Exclusive Roles and Exclusion Groups and the Roles can be removed sections.

Change the 'admin' role for a team member to 'Adminstrator' but keep the special meaning that the 'admin' role currently has.  Also, be sure the team roles for a team always contains 'Adminstrator'.

Change the 'admin' role for a team member to 'Adminstrator' but keep the special meaning that the 'admin' role currently has.  Also, be sure when list team members with their roles to be edited, that the Adminstrator role is included.

The row of buttons to set roles for a team member on a team, the Adminstrator button is not present.

Remove the team role repository and just use the roles field in the team database to store roles for a given team.

This file is still referenceing the teamRoleRepository.

Create a string column in the teams database that are roleconstraints.  This column will hold a comma separated list of colon seperated role pairs that both cannot be active at the same time.  In team members list in the frontend, if a role is selected in either side of a constraint pair, the if the other side of this contraint pair is deselected.

In the team dashboard, under team members, when editing roles, the first role height is smaller than the others.  Be sure all of the roles are the same height.

In the team dashboard, under team members, when editing roles, the first role height (Adminstrator) is smaller than the others.  Be sure all of the roles are the same height.

On the dashboard, replace the user's initials in the upper right corner with an icon that indicates a menu.

Add a team role editor that allows a adminstrator for a team to add and remove roles for a given team.  Note, the Administrator role should be shown, but should not be allowed to be deleted.

When adding new teams, to not allow teams to be created with duplicate team numbers.

Add a button to the team dashboard for administrators that pops up a box to enter an email.  This should send an email to the user with an invitation to join the associated team and a link to the main login page.  These invitations to specific teams should be managed per email address.  When that user logins into the system, they should get a popup indicating they a have been added to the specific team and are waiting on team administrator approval.

When inviting a new team member, I got the error 'Cannot POST /api/teams/326f9de1-8b14-4eff-bf3d-6c12bbed0e32/invitations'.

When trying to invite a new member to a team, I am still getting an error, Cannot POST /api/teams/326f9de1-8b14-4eff-bf3d-6c12bbed0e32/invitations.

If I am at the main dashboard page and I refresh the HTML page in the browser, it loses all data for the page.

The last change did not fix the problem.  The application now shows the dashboard with no data for a few seconds and then jumps to the login screen.

This did not fix the issue.  Now when the screen is refreshed, it jumps right to the login screen.

The last change partially fixed the problem.  The teams under My Teams are there, but the User Information section is still blank.

This almost fixed the problem.  Currenly, on the email address under the User Information disappears and is not restored.

In the team dashboard, for team administrators, add a button next to the Edit Roles button add a button which is Edit Constraints.  This should be a popup that lists existing role contraints and allows for role constraints to be removed or added.  When adding constraints it should be done as pairs of roles.  There should be a help icon somewhere on this page that when you hover over the icon you get the text 'This establishes pairs of team roles that a member cannot have at the same time.'.

After editing constraints and pressing Save Changes, I get this error message 'constraints.0.property role1 should not exist,constraints.0.property role2 should not exist,constraints.1.property role1 should not exist,constraints.1.property role2 should not exist,constraints.2.property role1 should not exist,constraints.2.property role2 should not exist'

When the team role Administrator is being turned off and if this is the last user what that role, disallow this operation and tell the user why.

On the team dashbaord, if the user is an adminstrator, add a button that is import roster.  This button should bring up a popup that has a field for a csv file on the local machine.  There should be a browse button and a region clearly labeled for drag and drop. There should also be a field that indicates if the new users should be added as pending or active.  From the CSV file the import should process the colums labeled First, Last, Address, City, State, Zip, Email, and Phone Number.

When importing members to a team, I get errors messages, 'members.0.property first should not exist,members.0.property last should not exist,members.0.property email should not exist,members.0.property address should not exist,members.0.property city should not exist,members.0.property state should not exist,members.0.property zip should not exist,members.0.property phoneNumber should not exist,members.1.property first should not exist,members.1.property last should not exist,members.1.property email should not exist,members.1.property address should not exist,members.1.property city should not exist,members.1.property state should not exist,members.1.property zip should not exist,members.1.property phoneNumber should not exist,members.2.property first should not exist,members.2.property last should not exist,members.2.property email should not exist,members.2.property address should not exist,members.2.property city should not exist,members.2.property state should not exist,members.2.property zip should not exist,members.2.property phoneNumber should not exist,members.3.property first should not exist,members.3.property last should not exist,members.3.property email should not exist,members.3.property address should not exist,members.3.property city should not exist,members.3.property state should not'.

To be sure the implementation is a expected, when importing team members from a csv file, if the email is already assocaited with a user, that user is invited to the team just like a private invite and an email is sent to the user telling them they have an invite..  If the email is not associated with a user, then the user is added to the system, and the pending email for the user is sent to be added to the site.  In this case, the user should also have an invite for the team like a private invite so that when they log into the system they get asked about their invite.

Update the outgoing email agent so that if EMAIL_DONT_SEND is true in the .env file, the email agent does not try to send email, but rather prints a message in the console about 'It would have sent an email to address X', where X is the target email address.

When importing a roster from a csv file, I get the error 'property defaultStatus should not exist'

There is a build error

When importing a roster, add a field near the pending, active choice that allow for a default password for all imported users.

While importing from a CSV file, provide a progress bar indicaing progress while importing.

When importing roster via CSV file, if the phone number has a semicolon, split the string based on the semicolon and add multiple phone numbers.

When importing a roster via a CSV file, if the value is set to Active in the import form, the new users are still created as pending.  The new users should be created as active if the active button is selected.

When importing users the pending versus active selection should be assocaited with create new user accounts and not assocaited with binding users that exist to the team.  Please update accordingly as the new users that are all created are all in the pending state.

The users that are added to the site as part of importing a roster via CSV are all still pending.  When importing, if the Active button is checked, the state field of the user database needs to be active.

The timed progress bar for importing CSV roster should be timed to about 30 seconds.

When a user is registering, require the password to be at least 8 characters long, contain an upper case letter, a lower case letter, a symbol and a number.   For each of these four requirements display each with a red X in a smaller font and when the requirement is met, change it to a green check.

The last change broke the registration screen.  There is an error 'Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'set').

The last change did not fix the issue.  Still getting error 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'set')'.

The percentage that is displayed while importing a csv roster should be fixed point with zero places after the decimal.

The import is still not working right.  The new accounts that are created are created with the active button selected in the import dialog are all still created with the user state field in the database set to pending.  It should be set to active.

This issue is not about the team membership status but about the user being added to the user database to be a member of the site.  THIS IS NOT ABOUT TEAM MEMBERSHIP state.

The state field needs to be added to the RegisterUserDto class as an optional member as it is being used by the import roster field.

On the login screen, add a forgetting password link.  This link should prompt for the email address assocaited with an account and send an email to that account with a link that can be used to reset the password.  The reset password form should have the same password requirements display as the registration form.

When using the forgot password feature, I got the error 'Cannot POST /api/auth/forgot-password'.

When importing email address from a CSV file, if there is a semicolon in the string, split the string at the semicolons and treat each segment as a different email address.

When displaying users in the dash board of site adminstrators, the names should be sortable by name, last name, or email address.

Add a new menu item to the menu in the upper right that is Change Password.  This should display a popup that allows the user to change their password by entering their old password and their new password twice.  The new password should use the same password restrictions and UI as in the registration form.

Add a new concept called subteams.  Subteams are per team and different teams will each have their own subteams. The administrator for a team should be able to create and delete subteams.  Users belong to subteams and the subteam should have a list of user team roles that are valid for the subteam.  A single user can belong to multiple subteams. Each subteam should have leads. The creator of the subteam should be able to add any number of lead positions.  For each lead position there is a title and the team role a user must have to fulfill that lead roll. When a subteam is created, there should be a way to create the lead positions and specify that roles that are valid for that subteam.  There should also be an edit subteam function available to the team administrators that can be used to set the users in the lead roles as well as assign any user that belongs to the team to that subteam.  There should also be an edit function for subteam leads that can be used to add and remove people from a subteam.

The nest server crashes at startup

The popup form for creating a new subteam looks really bad and needs to be improved visually.

When creating a new subteam, but backend crashed with the following stack 'query failed: INSERT INTO `subteams`(`id`, `name`, `description`, `team_id`, `valid_roles`, `created_by`, `created_at`, `updated_at`) VALUES (?, ?, DEFAULT, ?, ?, DEFAULT, DEFAULT, DEFAULT) -- PARAMETERS: ["d7f6b45a-517a-47d4-827a-32dab07c8b11","Software","c6271219-c578-440e-a46b-bec00595e7ae","Mentor,Student"]

Adding a subteam is continuing to fail.  The error is 'query failed: INSERT INTO `subteams`(`id`, `name`, `description`, `team_id`, `valid_roles`, `created_by`, `created_at`, `updated_at`) VALUES (?, ?, ?, ?, ?, DEFAULT, DEFAULT, DEFAULT) -- PARAMETERS: ["556a3be1-76e2-4e0f-844d-81585fa60501","Software",null,"c6271219-c578-440e-a46b-bec00595e7ae","Mentor,Student"]

The Manage Members dialog is not very good and needs to be improved visually.

In the subteam Manage Members dialog box, add a drop down in the Add Members section that filters the users listed by team role.

On a users's dashboard, only who the Pending Team Requests section if there are pending team requests.

On the team dashboard, if the user is a team administrator, there should be a Edit Description button that allows the user to change the description of the team.

On the team dashboard for the administrator, there are five buttons.  I would like a single hamburger button to the right of the Public/Private label that triggers a menu with the buttons moved to the menu.  The five buttons would be 'Edit Team Roles', 'Edit Role Constraints', 'Import Roster', 'Invite Member', and 'Edit Description'.

On the form that allows an administrator to edit the team description, add the ability to change the team between public and private.

On the team dashboard for non-administrators, the subteams should be displayed but there should be no ability to edit or delete them.

There are errors building the front end, please fix.

On the team display for administrators, the Create Subteam button should be at the same level as the Subteams collaspable label and not within it.  Position this like the Create Team button on in the My Teams section of the main dashboard.

In the All Users list on the main dashboard, there should be a text field to the right of the All Users label.  When text is typed into that text field, the list of users should be filtered based on that text being in the first name, last name, or email.

The position of the newly creates 'Search Users' text field is misplaced.  While it is right of the All Users label, it is out of the card.  I would like it to be below the All Users label and above the users table so that when that collaspable selection is closed it is not visiable.  It should span with width of the table below it.

On the main dashbaord, the Available Public Teams label should show the number in parenthesis.  Also, there should be a text field that is displayed when this collaspable section is expanded that can be used to filter teams baed on term name, number, or description.

On the main dashboard, the Available Teams, the team number should be displayed.

On the main dashboard, the Available Public Teams count is zero until the collaspable is opened.  It should reflect the right count all the time.

On the team dashboard, the Subteams display differs from the Team Members display.  I would like the Subteams display to be like the Team Members in that it should be its own card, with individual subteams as smaller cards within the 
subteam card.

The subteam section is still not in a card like the Team Member section just above it.  Put the Subteams in an encolosing card (including the Create Subteam button) and have each subteam display within the encolosing card in its own card.

When displaying the team dashboard, the subteam count is zero until it is opened.  The subteam count should be correct at all times.

On the All Users section on the main dashboard, chagne the View Profile button to the hamburger button for a menu.  The menu items should be the existing View Profile and a new item that is Change Password, that allows a user with user state administrator to change any user's password.

The new Change Password dialog is not styled well and needs to be udpated to be more visually appealing.  Also, the password checks and crosses are black and not green/red as expected.

When a subteam card is clicked, it should popup a subteam display page that shows the subteam name and description, the leads, and all of the members in different sections based on roles.

On the main dashboard, instead of the message 'You have sucessfully logged into the application', display a message that states, how many public teams, private teams, and total users are registered on the site.

Create a calendar where events are per team.  Each event should have a time, date, location, short name, and description.  Each event can be a one time event, or can be recurring with a recurrance pattern.  The recurrance should enable daily, weekly with multiple days in a week, monthly, with specific days of the month, or patterns like the first tuesday or last thursday.  Each event should have a visibility field that can be tied to user role on a team, or subteam membership, or subteam lead users.  On the team dashboard form, there should be a collapsable section that contains the calendar that is viewable at a daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly granularity. Within this UI for the calendar, there 
should be a control to select the view (Day, Month, Week, Year) and a button to add a new event.

Make the team count and user count row at the top of the dashboard smaller, just display as a line of text.

When an event is recurring, it only shows on the calendar on its original date.  It should show up based on the recurrance pattern.

When a new team is added, the team count at the top of the dashboard is not updated.

The calendar section on the team dashboard is not in a card.  The calendar collaspable should be in a card like the other sections on that page.  The calendar itself can be in another card within the calendar section.

In the main dashboard, in the menu, create a new command that brings up a popup that display user preferences.  The initial preferences will be the duration of time before a team event that a user wants nodification.  There should be able to be multiple entries in this list so that they can ask for a notification a day before and a notification an hour before.  For each notification preference, there should be a choice of notification by email, or notification by text.  The notification system will be added later so for now just put the preferences in place.  In addition, there should be a preference for team messages to be delivered via text or via email.  The team messages system will be create later as well so don't worry about its implementation.

In the team members view on the team dashboard, if user belongs to any subteams, display the subteam names in their information.  This should be to the right of their roles, but should be a different color than roles.

In the team members view on the team dashboard, if user belongs to any subteams, display the subteam names in their information.  This should be to the right of their roles, but should be a different color than roles.

In the Edit Subteam popup, when a users is assigned to a lead position, this information is lost and not stored.

In the team members view on the team dashboard, if the user is a lead to any subteam, display the lead position and subteam name as 'SUBTEAM LEADPOSITION' in a different color than roles and subteam membership.

When creating a new subteam, the display of valid roles should be a scrollable list with multiselect with one role per line.  This is instead of the set of check boxes with labels.

In the team members view on the team dashboard, below the Team Members label there should be an input field that can be used to filter the displayed members based on first name, last name, or email.

Add the concept of per user per team per user permissions allowing the permissions for certain operations to be controlled per user per team. These permissions should be editable only by users with the adminstrator role for a team.  Initially there will be permissions for 'Send Messages' and for 'Schedule Events'. Only users with the 'Schedule Events' permissions should be able to add events to the calendar. The system should be created to be extensible to future permissions.  Invoking the permissions selection should be per user in the Team Members display of the Team dashboard.  There should be a button to edit the users attributes for the team.  This should include the role selection which should be moved from the check boxes at the bottom to this new popup as a multiselect list.  The disable button should be moved to this popup as a check box, and finally there should be a permissions section for each type of permission that is available, with a toggle control to turn it on of off.

Replace the robot on the sign in page with a picture of an FRC style robot, preferrebly a cartoonized version of a robot from the robotics team Error Code Xero, team 1425.

On the edit/new calendar event, make the visibility section a set of criteria, one per row, that are created and added to a set that are combined to decide who sees an event.  Each criteria in the set can be either 'All Users', 'Select Users', 'Subteam Leads', 'Subteam Member', or 'Roles'.  If All Users is selected, all users that belong to the team are selected.  If Select Users is added, there should be a button beside that selection to bring up another window to select the users that are to see the event.  If Subteam Leads is selected, all users in leads positions in the subteams can see the event.  If Roles is selected, then a button should bring up a popup to select the roles that will see the event.  For a given row, there should be a way to add additional criteria on that row that are anded with others on that row.  So, within a row the criteria are and'ed and between rows they are or'ed.  This visibilty selector should be a popup that is used to set these values based on a button on the Edit Event window as this visibility popup will be used later for other functions.

Email should be queued, redirected if requested, and have a rate limit.

When setting the roles for a person in the Edit Member popup, the Roles should obey the role constraints.  A user cannot be in both roles in the constraint pair, so if a new role is selected and there are constraints, the older role is unselected.

When selecting lead positions in a subteam, only show users that are members of the subteam and have the right role.

Any site adminstrator should have the option to remove any user from the system.  Removing a users should remove them from the users database completely and clear up any memberships in teams and subteams.

Add the concept of per user per team per user permissions allowing the permissions for certain operations to be controlled per user per team. These permissions should be editable only by users with the adminstrator role for a team.  Initially there will be permissions for 'Send Messages' and for 'Schedule Events'. Only users with the 'Schedule Events' permissions should be able to add events to the calendar. The system should be created to be extensible to future permissions.

In the All Users section of the Dashboard, for the last user at the bottom of the container and not necessarily the last user overall, when the menu button under Actions is pressed, the menu is clipped and not visible. The menu for the button should not be clipped by its parent window but rather by the top level window.

If a user is invited to a team and they accept the invitation, their status for the team should be active and not pending.

The Delete User feature should not allow you to delete the final site administrator user account.

If a user tries to log in with the right email and password, but with the account in the pending state, the server sends a new email to the user to verify their email.  However, the error message on the login page is 'Invalid email or password.  Please try again' and is in red.  I would like the message to be 'Your account is still pending email verification.  A new verification email has been sent.'  And this should be in green.

Email verification is not working.  When the link is clicked in the verification email, I get 'Email verification failed.  The link may be invalid or expired.'

Move the visibility popup of the calendar event window to a feature available for anyone with event or message privileges at the team level.  This feature should be accessible from the hamburger menu on the team dashboard page.  It should be labeled 'Create User Group'.  This should popup a window that allows you to create new named user groups or delete existing named user groups.  If the user has 'Create Public User Groups' permissions, then a user should be able to create a user group accessible by everyone.  If the user does not have 'Create Public User Groups' permissions, that user should be able to create user groups just for themselves.  The User groups are edited using the existing visibility popup renamed to say user group and with a name field added at the top and with a public/private setting.  In the Calendar event editor, the visibility setting should be a select box that allows the user to select a fixed value of 'All Team Members' or any global named user group.

Have the server periodically check each team for calendar entries.  For each calendar entry, check them against each user on that team and their Event Notification preferences.  If a user has no Event Notification preferences, then assume the user wants to be notified one day in advance.  For each calendar entry where no notification has been given for a specific user and the event is in the notification window given by user's preferences, then notifiy the user either via email or via text based on the notification selection.  For now, for text notification, just print a console message.  The text backend will be added later.

For each instance of an event, create an entry that tracks the user's planned attendance.  The options are Yes Attending, No Not Attending, or Not Sure.  These options should be per instance of an event, so for recurring events there should be an entry for each occurance of the event.  The user should be able to update their planned attendance in their calendar.  For Day, Week, and Year view, there should be a three position toggle that is Yes on the left, Not Sure in the middle, and No on the right.  For the month view there should be a single character icon on the right edge of the event in the calendar that is a green check for yes, white question mark for not sure, and a red X for no.  Clicking on this icon should cycle through the options.

Add a backend to send text message to users via the Twilio service. (Need to get the backend approved via the campaign approval agency.)

Add the ability to export all users that belong to a given team to a CSV file that is saved to the user's disk.  This should be only be available to a user with the administrator role on a given team.  It should be accessible through the menu on the team dashboard. Selecting this item should bring up a popup that allows the user to select the fields that are included in the output.  In addition there should be the option to select to include the subteams each user belongs to as a common seperated list.

Add a way to delete events from the calendar.

Below the calendar, add a view that allows any event to be selected that is on the team calendar at any date and show a report of all of the people on the team, in collaspable groups by role and their attendance status.  Also provide at the top a summary of the total people coming as well as a display per role of total coming to the event and total not coming to the event.

Rename the Visibility Settings to User Groups Selection.

Create a messaging system where members of a team can send messages to other members of the team via email.  The target users should be selectable as all users on a team or any created and available user group.  Only users with the Send Messages permissions should be able to send messages.  The send message UI should be selected from the team dashboard menu and should be a popup.  It should contains a seletion for who to send the message to, a text box for the subject that becomes the subject of the email, and a text area that contains the contents of the message.  Sent messages should be stored in the database so that they can be retreived in the future.  There should be a review sent messages UI that is also available via the team dashboard menu.  It should be in a popup that displays a list of messages that have been sent in a table, searchable by date or by text in the subject or in the message.

Create the Send Message Popup

Create the Review Messages Popup

In the User Groups Selection, the trash cans that are used to delete portions of a user group selection criteria have a red background.  This should not be red but rather white.

In the Send Message Popup, add the ability to either browse the current computer/drag and drop files that are added to the outgoing email as attachments.

After the recent change, sending a message with an attachment gives this error message 'teamId must be a UUID,subject must be a string,content must be a string,recipientType must be one of the following values: ALL_TEAM_MEMBERS, USER_GROUP'

Limit attachments to a message so that no single file exceeds 1 MB and the total does not exceed 4 MB.

On events displayed in the event calendar montly view, the icon for deleting an event should be a waste basket.

There should no be an end date on the calendar event entry form.  Just a date, starting time and ending time.

Double clicking on a day in the event calendar should bring up the form to enter a new calendar event with the date already filled in.

When a new calendar event is scheduled, send an email to all of the attendees letting them know that the meeting has been scheduled and the relatant information.

When new role constratints are added to the system, they are not honored by the Edit Member popup until the page is reloaded.

Clicking on the wastebasket in a calendar event that is recuring is not bringing up the question about deleting the complete sequence or just that one occurance.

When a recurring calendar event is canceled, a popup should appear to prompt for canceling the complete sequence of calendar events, or just the one event on the one day where the delete request was made.  If it is the one day, the event should be just removed for that one day, otherwise the complete sequence should be deleted.

When deleting an event in the calendar and I select 'This Event Only' in the Delete Recurring Event popup, the entire event series gets deleted and not just the event on that one day.

Add to the team information the default time zone for the team calendar.  All events entered in the calendar should be relative to this default time zone.  The time zone should be able to be specified when a team is created, or via the Edit Team Information popup.

Event creation/editing should interpret dates relative to team timezone

Use the teamTimezone field when displaying event times
Show times in the team's timezone rather than the user's local timezone
Handle recurring event generation with timezone awareness


Add a new file storage service in the backend.  The location for storing files should be given by the FILE_STORAGE_PATH in the .env file.  This path should be an absolute path or it is an error.  Each file stored in the storage directory should have a unique file name.  Each file stored in the storage directory should have an entry in an associated database table that has a unique ID, its original file name, its unique name in the storage area, the date when it was created, the user that owns the file, and a subsystem (string) that created the file. The send message attachment support should change to remove attachement file data from the mysql database and have the data be stored in this storage service with an owner name of 'messages'.

In the Event Attendance Report, sort the events in the select pulldown from most recent to furtherest out.

Add a new card to the team dashboard that is useful links.  For normal users this will be a set of links that are useful for a member of the team.  The team administrator should be able to add or remove links from this set.  Each link should be a title that is linked to a provided link.

On attendance report do not include past events.

In Progress
===========

Add the ability to select, download, store and retreive a set of files, usually media files but could be anything.  The file storeage should be through the File Storage Service.  User's should be able to provide a title and either browse or drag and drop a file (or set of files) to upload these files to the site. These files would be assocaited with a team. All users on a team should be able browse the set of uploaded files.  The uploaded files can be deleted by the team adminstrator, or by the user that uploaded the files.  When browsing files, there should be a text input box that can be used to filter the set of titles.  Media should be another card on the team dashboard just below the useful links.

Pending
=======

Create a team view that shows the team info at the top and the various subteams with lead positions and members in subteams.  It should be a popup that is triggered by a button on the team dashboard top most summary card.  It should be labeled team overview.

When an event is canceled, the ICS attachment is processed correctlyy by google calendar, but fails in outlook calendar with the message 'Couldn't import calendar.  Try again later.'

When a single instance of an event is canceled, google calendar does not process the ICS file correctly and just delete that instance.

When displaying the event in the monthly calendar, include its name on a first line and the start and end time on a second line.  

Add a delete team that is a big deal big and red.

Add the webcal protocol to the server so that remote calendars can subscribe.  The authentication should be based on the same login used to enter the site.  When a user attaches to the calendar server, they should only see calendar events that they would see within the site.

When a new user joins a team, send calendar invites for all active and future calendar events to that user.

Calendar server for calendar subscription.



Continous
---------
Update the user's guide to reflect features added single the last update to the user's guide.
Update the API document to reflect changes in the rest APIs
